writing/reflection.md, before:

## Date: 1 March 2021

## Name: Add Your Name Here

## Lab01, Instructions

In this practical assignment, you are to add your responses to the questions in blue of the lab. Your reflection should be about a page and contain clear and meaningful language. Please use markdown language to format your reflection piece.

Please write below this line to address the above-mentioned points. Replace the word, `TODO` with your response.

### First Tool

 1. What kind of research is this method or tool used for?
 `TODO`

 2. How does this method or tool work? What does it do?
 `TODO`

 3. Why do you think that this method or tool was necessary to develop?
 `TODO`

 4. What undesirable consequences could result from the misuse of this method of tool? `TODO`


### Second Tool

 1. What kind of research is this method or tool used for?
 `TODO`

 2. How does this method or tool work? What does it do?
 `TODO`

 3. Why do you think that this method or tool was necessary to develop?
 `TODO`

 4. What undesirable consequences could result from the misuse of this method of tool? `TODO`

Commit message:

added some to first tool

writing/reflection.md, after:

## Date: 1 March 2021

## Name: Liam Connelly

## Lab01, Instructions

In this practical assignment, you are to add your responses to the questions in blue of the lab. Your reflection should be about a page and contain clear and meaningful language. Please use markdown language to format your reflection piece.

Please write below this line to address the above-mentioned points. Replace the word, `TODO` with your response.

### First Tool

 1. What kind of research is this method or tool used for?
 Computer aided drug design helps take the normaly very challenging and time consuming task and makes it a more streamlined process.

 2. How does this method or tool work? What does it do?
 This tool helps drug companies validate drug targets.  This decreases the time the drugs take for them to hit the market.  It also helps speed up the development and research process of drugs.  This leads to more rapid development of helpful medicine.

 3. Why do you think that this method or tool was necessary to develop?
 This tool was necessary to develop because it helps reduce a process which takes significant chunk of time.

 4. What undesirable consequences could result from the misuse of this method of tool? `TODO`


### Second Tool

 1. What kind of research is this method or tool used for?
 `TODO`

 2. How does this method or tool work? What does it do?
 `TODO`

 3. Why do you think that this method or tool was necessary to develop?
 `TODO`

 4. What undesirable consequences could result from the misuse of this method of tool? `TODO`
